OCPCLOUD-1674: Update installation docs to account for generation/activation (#123)
openshift/cluster-control-plane-machine-set-operator: docs/user/README.md

The CPMSO is an operator driven by `ControlPlaneMachineSet` resources. Each cluster will have a single control plane machine set in the `openshift-machine-api` namespace. The control plane machine set will be called `cluster`.

The `ControlPlaneMachineSet` resource can be in one of the following two states: `Inactive` or `Active`.
Such state is defined in the resource's `.spec.state` field.

This resource's field instructs the operator on what course of actions to take.

- when `Inactive`, the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` will not take any action on the state of the Control Plane Machines within the cluster.
Rather it will constantly watch the state of the cluster (number of Control Plane Machines found, detected Failure Domains, detected Platform),
and keep the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` resource up to date accordingly.

- when `Active`, the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` will reconcile the Control Plane Machines and will update them as necessary.

> Once Active, a `ControlPlaneMachineSet` cannot be made Inactive.
> To prevent further action on the Control Plane Machines, users can remove the `ControlPlaneMachineSet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once `Active`, a control plane machine set cannot be made `Inactive` again.
To prevent further action on the control plane machines, users may remove the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` resource from the cluster.

oc delete controlplanemachineset.machine.openshift.io --namespace openshift-machine-api cluster

Once the control plane machine set operator has performed the necessary clean up operations to disable the control plane machine set, the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` resource will be removed from the cluster.
A new `Inactive` control plane machine set will be created in its place which may be activated later should the user desire.
```

> For clusters created from OpenShift version 4.12 onwards, this resource may exist (if the platform is supported) and be `Active` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For clusters created from OpenShift version 4.12 onwards, the control plane machine set may exist (if the platform is supported) and be `Active` by default.
```

> Meaning that the Control Plane Machine Set Operator is already resposible for managing the Control Plane Machines for the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meaning that the control plane machine set is already responsible for managing the control plane machines for the cluster.
```

For clusters created before OpenShift version 4.12 that have been upgraded to version 4.12+
this resource may exist (if the platform is supported)

> but won't be `Active` by default (rather it will be `Inactive`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but will not be `Active` unless it has been activated by a cluster administrator.
```

> Users that want to start using the Control Plane Machine Set Operator on these clusters should
> follow the steps described in [Installation into an existing cluster](#installation-into-an-existing-cluster)

Reviewer: What are `these` in `these clusters`, are these unsupported clusters for the generator?
```suggestion
Users that wish to start using the control plane machine set on these clusters should
follow the steps described in [Installation into an existing cluster](#installation-into-an-existing-cluster).
```

### Supported platforms

The control plane machine set is currently supported for a number of platforms and OpenShift versions.
The matrix shows in detail the support for each specific combination.

| Platform \ OpenShift version |      <=4.11    |      4.12           |
|------------------------------|:---------------|:--------------------|
| AWS                          |  Not Supported | Full                |
| Azure                        |  Not Supported | Manual              |
| VSphere                      |  Not Supported | Manual (Single Zone)|
| Other Platforms              |  Not Supported | Not Supported       |

> Note: Google Cloud Platform and OpenStack are planned for inclusion from OpenShift version 4.13 onwards.

#### Keys

> `Full` the control plane machine set is fully supported for this combination.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Full`: The control plane machine set is fully supported for this combination.
```

> `Manual`: the control plane machine set is supported for this combination and has to be manually configured and installed.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Manual`: The control plane machine set is supported for this combination and has to be manually configured and installed.
```

> `Manual (Single Zone)` same as `Manual`, but for this combination
> only a single availability zone is supported for configuring the control plane machine set failure domains.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Manual (Single Zone)`: The same as `Manual`, however for this combination
only a single failure domain configuration is supported. The failure domain configuration must be embedded within the providerSpec and may not vary between control plane machine indexes.
```

> `Not Supported` the control plane machine set is not yet supported for this combination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Not Supported`: The control plane machine set is not yet supported for this combination.
```
